I'm curious, is there a point where you
can start breaking up your logic too much?
Like is there you can go too far
into kind of making smaller and
smaller functions and methods?
>> The answer is absolutely.
And where that threshold is,
where that limit is, is really dependent
on the context of, I would say,
your comfort level as a programmer,
more importantly, your team and
your organization's comfort level.
And so
I think if you're working on a team,
that you need to figure
out where the level of
abstraction is and
where that sweet spot is,
the problem that you run into is that,
and for
me, this is kind of threshold, for me,
is that I try to avoid
coupling at all costs.
And so, when you look at this code here,
you have a bunch of logic
that's tightly coupled to
the surrounding function block.
And so I'm looking at this I'm like, this
is a really tightly coupled piece of code.
And so I tried to refactor to reduce
coupling as much as possible.
I then tried to move my code
in a way to increase cohesion.
And so, cohesion is really there's
a couple of different versions of this.
And depending on what you're doing,
you may choose to organize it
in such a way that you can have like
type cohesion or functional cohesion.
But typically, generally, what I tried
to do is, I try to have, at least,
feature level cohesion, where something
that specifically has to do with
a feature is kind of grouped together.
So, if I'm writing a component that
the spec is there that the things for
that, the visual presentation
of that component is together.
So, I try to, typically,
go for feature cohesion.
And then from there, I go for
functionality cohesion of,
I take all my state management and
I extract that into a lib.
And then from there I then
organized by feature, typically.
And so, by having things in a logical
place, that it makes it easier to find,
but you can spread things out so
much that it doesn't make sense anymore.
In the sense of,
let me give you two examples.
So there's this show on Netflix called
The Home Edit, and, it's pretty good,
except, they talk about,
organizing a bunch of different things.
And I started thinking about this
in terms of programming, that,
it would be very, very fast, for you to
take all your laundry out of the dryer,
and throw it in a basket.
The upfront cost of doing that is zero,
pretty much it's just like poop.
But then now when you have to go and
find an outfit,
because everything is coupled
to that laundry basket.
It's very very hard to navigate.
So, this is when I think
of course grade code,
it's like all your laundry in a basket.
So, a reasonable approach would
be let's separate this out, and
put our pants in a drawer, our shirts in
a drawer, our socks in a drawer, etc.
And then, you might even go as far
as to say, I'm going to take and
separate my casual pants
from my dress pants.
My workout clothes might go in the drawer,
so
that's an appropriate level of cohesion.
Wouldn't make sense to
separate your wardrobe into
outfits and have a drawer for
every single outfit.
That would be crazy.
I mean, maybe, I don't know?
If you're Kanye West, possibly.
Or saying, I'm gonna put all my
black t shirts in a drawer and
all my red t shirts in a drawer,
it doesn't make a lot of sense.
And so, another thing that they talk
about is organize your colors by books.
Or books by colors, your books by color.
So if you look at the show,
it's like, here's all my red books.
Here's all my blue books.
Here's all my white books.
Well, by color, visually,
that's one way to do it.
But, for me, I might have MySQL
book next to my closure book,
just cuz they're blue and
that makes no sense.
And so, it's also choosing
the parameters in which you achieve
cohesion in a way that helps
you reduce mental complexity.
That is the litmus test.
Is this helping me parse this model even
better, or is it making it efficient?
If not, and you find that you're
fighting against your abstractions,
then you might need to revisit it and
desimplify it.
>> In the code example, with testing,
should I test those small functions?
Is that direct enough, or
should I also test the function
with the switch statements?
>> You test them both, ideally.
That when you run your tests, and
you run your code coverage is that there's
a certain threshold that you
should be aiming for, but
you can absolutely test your air
traffic control functions, and
that actually leads perfectly
into the challenge.
So, we'll see that in a moment.
If you have multiple services
in your application,
does it make sense to have a single
instance of those at the top level
of the application and then make them
available via dependency injection?
And I believe that you should.
As a general rule of thumb,
for instance, in Angular,
you can override the dependency injector
at any point in your component nodes.
I've never had to do that.
The only time I've ever had to override
the injectors, when I'm writing tests.
And so, the question or the heuristic
there that you have to ask yourself is,
is there a reason why I would need
more than one instance of this thing,
to perform this function
within this application?
And there are some cases where
you might have something
that you need to instantiate for,
imagine that you have
a meeting room and
then you have attendees in there.
Well, you wouldn't wanna share the same
meeting room for all the attendees.
And so, from a modeling standpoint,
you want to start to split that out.
But from a, I would say a service
level that's managing all of that,
typically, you only need one
service to manage that application.
So, I would say it will be very,
very rare that you'll
ever need a very common service,
to have more than one instance.
I would recommend keeping
it at the top level, and
then making it available
via dependency injection.
And so, typically,
what you have to identify is,
what is the shared commonality or
the functionality than
all of the interested components or
parties that they need.
And then you place the thing
that you're working on in just
the level of distraction just above that.
And so, this is something we articulated
in the previous course, that I really
quite like, is that when you understand
the level of the interested parties,
then that will determine where
your implementation goes,
which will be at the level
just above that.
So if you have two components
that are inside of a single app,
you might put that in the app.
But if you have two components in two
separate apps, you might move whatever
you're working on into a lib, so that
it can be shared across multiple apps.
If you have more than one project
that needs that functionality, well,
then you might consider publishing
it as an NPM package, so
that all the projects can use it.
Which is where you have
component libraries.
And so find out where
the interested parties are, and
then just go one abstraction level up and
typically that's where it's going to be.
In the case of Angular applications,
I would say just have one service at
the top level that manages everything.
And by the previous course,
I mean production Angular,
which I highly recommend you checking out.